Add gdal raster select/astype/scale/unscale (#12013)
OSGeo/gdal: doc/source/programs/gdal_raster_edit.rst

.. option:: --dataset <DATASET>

>     Dataset name, to be in-place updated, unless :option:`--auxiliary` is set. Required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Dataset name, to be updated in-place, unless :option:`--auxiliary` is set. Required.
```

Author: fixed

.. option:: --auxiliary

>     Force opening the dataset in read-only mode. For drivers that implement the
>     Persistent Auxiliary Mechanism (PAM), changes will be
>     saved in au auxiliary side car file of extension ``.aux.xml``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Force opening the dataset in read-only mode. For drivers that implement
    Persistent Auxiliary Metadata (PAM), changes will be
    saved in an auxiliary side car file of extension ``.aux.xml``.
```

Author: fixed

    Remove dataset metadata item, at the dataset level.

.. option:: --stats

    Compoute raster band statistics for all bands.

> 

Reviewer 2: Typo -> Compute

Author: fixed

.. option:: --approx-stats

    Compute raster band statistics for all bands. They may be computed
    based on overviews or a subset of all tiles. Useful if you are in a
    hurry and don't want precise stats.

> 

Author: > Written in a hurry,

lol, actually copy&pasted from gdalinfo doc. I assume that phrasing dates back to 20 years ago :-)
